‎In the chapter we just completed,
‎we learned how
Ezekiel’s final vision assures us
‎that we all have a secure place
‎and a valuable assignment
in the spiritual paradise.
‎In this chapter
of the Pure Worship book,
‎we’ll see how
that same vision provides us
‎with further heartwarming assurance.
‎Chapter 21 is entitled
‎“The Name of the City . . .
Will Be Jehovah Is There,”
‎taken from Ezekiel 48:35.
‎Please read it with me:
‎“The perimeter will be 18,000 cubits.
‎“And the name of the city
from that day on will be
‎Jehovah Is There.”
‎As you study this chapter,
‎look for the answers to these questions:
‎What does this visionary city represent,
‎and what lesson
can we learn from its name?
‎What important reminder
‎does this vision have for elders?
‎What can we learn
from Ezekiel’s description
‎of all the activities
in and around the city gates?
‎What larger fulfillment
‎will Ezekiel’s vision have in the future?
‎May this chapter,
‎which will complete
our discussion of Ezekiel’s final vision,
‎assure you of this unassailable truth:
‎Jehovah is and always will be
‎with his pure worshippers!